# The Book of the Devil's Wills
*Source: KASHKOLE, Binder 27 (Etiquette and Ethics), Chapter 56. 4 topics. Language: ur.*<!-- section 1 (id=949, raw_sort=1): ظاہر پرستی بھترین ہتھیار ہے -->My dear brother Satan:

I read your letter and was glad to know that you have succeeded in overcoming the ideology and notions of your prey, and have turned him to worldliness. But if you think that you will prey on him by getting him into the habit of arguing with the elders for no reason, then you are mistaken!

If this hunt of yours had been born a few centuries ago, this dice of yours might have succeeded. The people of that time were not accustomed to arguing. Whatever their elders told them about the truth, they quietly accepted it. Because they had the bad faith that their elder knew more than they did, and that what he was saying was for their good. In those days, if you had taught them the art of debate, we could have succeeded in our objectives.

But today, we have rained down on the minds of the human minds of worldly sciences, using the demands of the new age, in opposition to the call to truth. The greatest benefit of the intensity and intensity of these apparent sciences is that since childhood, different and contradictory concepts and ideas are dancing in the mind of man. Because of their excesses and burdens, he is unable to distinguish between which concepts to adopt and which to abandon. Which concept is leading him to truth and which to falsehood? That is because We have made falsehood equal to the truth through Our faithful, and We have made Abu Bakr and Mu'awiya like Ali.

So, instead of arguing about right and wrong, engage your victim with the demands of the new and the old. Keep him busy with the idea that the commands given by the Messenger of Allah were appropriate for his own time, but it is not possible to follow these commands in today's modern era. In today's day and age, it is more important to be practical than to be pious! Confuse it with the comparison between the modern and the decrepited. Instead of convincing him that worldliness is the 'right' belief, convince him that worldliness is the key to success in today's world. Show him the beauty of the world and remind him of the character of our past loyalists and explain that oppression is the Shiva of the brave and the powerful. Remind them of how those who follow the commands of the Messenger of Allah have been cut off and have been humiliated and humiliated in this world! This is our best weapon today, because that's all we care about.

The problem with the habit of debate is that our war shifts to the enemy's land because he too can argue and present arguments! And you know very well that often the arguments of truth override our arguments. Not only that, but the biggest disadvantage of the habit of arguing is that it is likely to awaken the intellect of your prey... and once the intellect is awakened, then there is nothing we can do!

And even if you succeed in diverting his thoughts to us through the habit of arguing, your victim's attention may eventually shift away from outward thoughts and emotions to the inward, because he will develop a bad habit of thinking. Your goal should be to keep your attention on the outward situations and events. Teach him that these outward pleasures and pleasures are the purpose of real life, but don't let him ask him anything about the real and eternal reality!

You should always remember that humans are not pure creatures like you! In every human being, no matter how much he or she looks like us, there is always some goodness hidden. In this regard, let me tell you the story of one of my victims. One of my victims, whom I had been working on for a long time, used to go to the library every day and read a book. Once I saw that while reading the book, his thoughts started wandering towards the Hereafter and Allah and he thought of praying. As soon as his thoughts wandered, the enemy immediately rushed to his aid and began to strengthen his idea by exhorting him to do good. I saw my twenty years of hard work being wasted at that time. If I had tried to weaponize the debate at that time, it would certainly have worked. But I'm not stupid! I immediately attacked his weakness that had been in my control since day one: his hunger! I instilled hunger in him and made him think that he had not eaten anything since morning. The enemy immediately threw his stakes and told him that this good idea of prayer, which had arisen in his mind, was more important than food. I was afraid that the enemy might remind him of the hadith of the Messenger of Allah (s.a.w.a.) that when a person thinks of a good deed, he should act on it immediately.

Before the enemy could make his next move, I said to him: "Indeed! This is a very important and good idea, so it is even more important not to do it on an empty stomach! Therefore, eat and drink something first, so that you can pray with full devotion and do not lose your thoughts due to hunger during the prayer! Rejuvenate your energy by eating something so that you can refresh and pray well!

With this thought my victim's face lit up and in a few moments he was out the door. What was the difficulty after that? On the way, I turned his attention to a child selling a newspaper and said to him, "How successful and great you are in the face of this weak child because of your hard work and wisdom!" Then after a while a beautiful woman appeared and aroused lust in her heart. I told him that if you make more money, you can walk with pride with so many beautiful women by your side! By the time he reached the grocery store, the thought of prayer had gone far from his mind. Today that person is under our protection in hell.

Do you understand my gesture and purpose? Due to the outward veil that we have put on the human mind through centuries of hard work, it has become impossible for man to imagine the inner and the unseen. You use it to fascinate him with the outward beauty of the world. Keep him away from the true sciences at all times, otherwise those sciences will tell him about those hidden truths that are invisible to the eyes and are beyond the senses. Even better, convince him that he already knows everything because of his intelligence and! And what his benefactors tell him is all nonsense, and it is not necessary for him to know. Just as I saved my prey from prayer through hunger, you deceive your followers by the excesses of time. Assure them that they still have a lot of time and death is far away! For now they focus on the world, later there will be plenty of time for them to get to the Hereafter!

Remember that your purpose is to deceive and mislead man! And whatever help and advice you need from us for the success of your goals, it will be made available to you from our army of humans and jinn. Just keep working on your goals and keep us informed of your successes.
Your well-wisher,

Iblis<!-- section 2 (id=950, raw_sort=2): تصور اور حقیقت -->My dear friend Satan:

We have read your letter and are very sad to learn that one of your victims has joined the enemy's group. We consider it a great negligence on your part and be sure that you will be punished for it! Well, what has happened is done... there is no need to despair! The game is still in our hands! There have been many instances in the past where our victims entered the enemy's army and then after a short period of time we were able to draw them back to us.

Even though your victim has accepted the invitation of truth, it is still not out of our reach! I am not talking about the invitation that was established in the eternal world and extends over the age of the world. Sadly, we can't spoil this invitation because it is not possible for us to enter there. But fortunately for us, these ignorant people cannot see or feel this spiritual invitation and are often unaware of its very existence.

I am talking about the feast that takes place in a brick and lime building which they call a mosque. We can go in there and continue our work. Since your hunting has recently turned to religion, the first thing he will do is to run to the mosque. Usually, such outward worshippers consider praying only five times a day as worship. They are not aware that worship is obligatory for them 24 hours a day, and that they only have to attend five times a day. We can take full advantage of their unconscious!

Always remember one of my favorites! Man is God's foolish creation. I have seen such a contradiction in his words and deeds for centuries as I have seen in any other creature! He has a desire in the world of his thoughts but in real life he acts against it and then wonders why his wish is not fulfilled and the most interesting thing is that he also blames Allah for the failure of this desire.

His example is like a child who grows up listening to fairy tales and princes and thinks that real life will be just as calm and comfortable. He thinks that just as Aladdin got everything by rubbing a lamp, he will also get every blessing, even paradise, without any pain or effort! And when this does not happen, he complains and ignores his own shortcomings and blames others and blames them for his sufferings and failures!

Or it is like two lovers who create a beautiful and beautiful world in their fantasies before marriage, and after marriage, when each other's flaws appear to them for the first time, they accuse each other of cheating. It is as if the lover thinks that his job is to dream and his lover's job is to fulfill those dreams! Has this ever been possible? And when it doesn't happen to them, because it's impossible, they blame each other for the breakdown of their dreams, and the same lover for whom the lover was willing to die until yesterday, doesn't want to spend a day with him today!

There are countless such amazing contradictions that can show you in humans! They want to be pious but do not speak the truth, they dream of flying in the skies after being freed from the bondage of the world, but they tie heavy stones of desires and hopes to their feet. They want to be scholars, but they don't want to take the time to acquire knowledge, and work hard. They dream of following the teachings of the Qur'an and are ignorant of the language of the Qur'an! And the most amazing thing is that each of them wants to go to heaven, but no one wants to die! It is surprising that Allah Almighty expects loyalty and obedience from such an unfaithful and stupid creature!! You are the one who is just! Did I do anything wrong when I refused to prostrate to this ignorant creature of Allah?

That is why I say that even if your victim is attracted to religion, there is nothing to worry about. At the moment, he has a vague picture of religiosity in his mind, which has been born from seeing some elders or being influenced by their words. He wants to be pious, but he does not have to be willing to put in the hard work and sacrifices required to attain piety! There is a big gap between the delicate desire to achieve something and the hard work that breaks the body!! What does a chef have to do with a fakir?

Therefore, when he goes to the mosque to pray, you should also go with him and dominate his thoughts. Your job is to shatter the delicate glass of his dreams with the stone of reality, which is not a difficult task. If the mosque is small and dilapidated, then make it sick of its misery, narrowness, stench, etc., disturb it with the heat of the weather and the stench of sweat, if it has not eaten, torture it with hunger, and if it is tired, let it sleep, and make its bed softer and more comfortable in the house compared to the heat of the mosque and the hard ground. Chill or let go! But at the same time, blur all those feelings and mental anguish in his mind! He may have felt the burden and irritability of his nature, but there was no good reason for it! If he is weakened, the ghost of his religiosity will descend and he will gladly come to your refuge. And if not, his intellect will stop working properly due to the confusion of his nature, and he will very easily be hit by your next attack!

Then you should focus your attention on the mosque. In the mosque, you will usually see two types of people. One of them will be the true worshippers and the pious and the other will be the outward Muslims who have come to pray but do not even understand why they are praying. You can hunt it through both types of people.

First of all, you should focus your attention on the appearance of these worshippers. These pious people will often be people with long beards. Due to the frequency of fasting, their eyes and stomach will be swollen inside. Staying awake and praying at night will make their eyes swollen and they will look sick. You will not be able to remove any defect in their outward and inward actions, so just distort their outward signs and present them to your victim. To inculcate in his heart the idea of how rigid and rigid Islam is that it puts such a burden on its followers that it deteriorates their condition. To create a doubt in his heart that if Allah is merciful and merciful, how can He put His servants in such pain? But keep in mind that these people do all this out of their own will and desire to please Allah. And to keep him oblivious of what he sees as a burden, they actually consider it to be their blessing and the good grace of Allah, because they know that they will get eternal peace in return for this temporary effort.

As I said, religiosity is just an imaginary picture in your victim's mind, but his attention has not yet been drawn to the hard work that is necessary to create that picture. Just put it in his mind that he will have to work hard to become a true believer . From today, sweet nights, delicious food, beautiful clothes, and all the luxuries of the world have become forbidden for her!! To make him feel the fatigue of the outward parts of the prayer, but to conceal from him the relationship with Allah and the blessings that come with it. Mindful of the hunger and thirst of fasting, but not letting his attention go unnoticed by the spiritual purification that it brings.

I say to you with a conviction that if you put your bet right, the person must have been half a victim by now and thinking that perhaps it is not up to me to become pious. Now it is incumbent upon you to turn this suspicion into certainty by other kinds of people!

These second types of people are actually our own companions who habitually go to the mosque just for show off or without thinking. The hard work of our faithful makes no difference in praying for them, and brushing their teeth every morning after waking up and before going to bed! They consider prayer as a daily pastime, just like eating and drinking. They do not understand the meaning of prayer, and their purpose is not to attain piety through prayer. The greatest proof of this is that they pray five times a day, but still lie, backbite, smoke and drink, persecute their neighbor, oppress orphans, speak ill and speak bitterly, and are completely immersed in the world. They only trade with Allah through their prayers and worship. Rather, the fact is that in their imaginary world, they do a favor to Allah by praying. That is why when a calamity befalls them because of their own evil deeds, they blame Allah for it and complain to Him, saying, "What is the use of me praying and worshipping You when You are the one who harms me?" Their thinking is a clear proof of our success!

Think about how much fun it will be for us when these people will come before Allah after dying and they will come to know that their worship all their lives is useless, but in reality they have been worshipping us!! On that day they will be handed over to Us, and We will show them their abode in Hell! What a happy hour it will be for us!

But don't let all these things come to your victim's mind! Rather, it is to present the evil deeds of these outward worshippers as evidence against Islam and to raise the question in his mind that these liars, backbiters, drinkers of alcohol, deceiving people, and devouring the wealth of orphans are all Muslims and believers. Mix the evil deeds of these people with the teachings of Islam and confuse your prey with it. Ask him, "Is this Islam?" What is the use of such weak Islamic teachings and such prayers that cannot stop their followers from even the slightest evils? There is certainly something wrong with Islam! It is far better to be a non-religious than to be a Muslim, who are far better in morals than they are! But don't let it come to his mind that if a person does not follow the teachings of Islam while being a Muslim, what is wrong with Islam? If the player plays wrongly, where is the wisdom in calling the game bad?

You must be wondering, can't a person understand even such a simple and simple thing? I don't understand, my brother! That's why we are so blessed in our work! There is no more foolish creature than man when he does not want to understand anything! Rest assured that if you do your work properly, he will not even think of it directly, and your task will be much easier, and he will return to you as quickly as he entered the feast!

Just tie my word to the knot, that man is an extremely lazy, lazy and outward animal!! He is willing to toil behind only the worldly pleasures that he can see and feel. He can turn his back on Allah and His Messenger for the sake of five minutes of mortal and physical pleasure. It is our good fortune that the benefits of the Hereafter and its teachings are not visible and the eternal blessings of Paradise are hidden from our eyes. In order to attain the Hereafter, he has to sacrifice worldly pleasures and strangle his desires with his own hands, his soul never allows him! Just make the world a reality for it, and keep religion a beautiful idea and success will kiss our feet!
Your Lord,

Iblis<!-- section 3 (id=951, raw_sort=3): انسان انست لینے والا جانور ہے -->Dear Student:

We received a request to change your prey. You wrote that in spite of all our admonitions , your prey is inclined towards piety and piety. He has submitted his desires to the pleasure of Allah and is working hard in this direction. What's more, you don't think you'll be able to hunt it, so you want to change the hunt.

We are both sad and disappointed to read your request. Maybe you don't realize your own greatness and worth. Giving up and getting tired of trying is the attribute of a two-legged animal. We are not feminine creatures!! They get tired of their worship and despair of their efforts, but We never tire of misleading and misleading them!

It is known from your letter that you cast upon your prey all the traps which we have mentioned in our previous letter, but the ghost of religiosity did not descend from his head, but became stronger. Instead of giving up, you should be happy that the game has become more interesting! That's the difference between hunting a lion and a goat! Tiger hunting is difficult but it is also more fun and when success is achieved, the pleasure is something else! Thank God that man does not understand that it is more difficult to control one's self-esteem by living in the world, although it is more difficult than hunting a tiger, but if he succeeds, his joy over his success on the last day will have no end. The enemy is trying all the time to make him aware of this fact through knowledge and our success is always in hiding this fact!

Suppose your victim is ready to work hard to build his religious image and turn away from the world, but his soul is not necessarily ready for the world to turn away from him and be angry! This will be your next attack! Turn all his family and friends against him, and then see what happens!

You should not face any particular difficulty in this task because man is an animal after all and every animal desires to be human. He becomes accustomed to the people he belongs to and becomes accustomed to their choices, permissions and intentions. As the relationship grows, it becomes dependent on the pleasures, pleasures and compliments that come from it. But when one suddenly changes oneself or performs a bad habit, he becomes restless, and tries his best to become the same as before. He does not try to do so for the good or evil of his friend, but to maintain his integrity. If he succeeds, then well, otherwise he becomes his enemy and stands against him! With every change in environment and attitude, their yearning is like that of a waterless fish, or like a fish that becomes restless without intoxication. Then he agrees to cross every threshold to achieve the same addiction again.

Have you forgotten that the Messenger of Allah (s.a.w.s.) stayed among the Quraish for forty years and was called "Sadiq" and "Ameen"? But as soon as he started preaching Islam and he was afraid of changing his previous actions, these same people who said that he was Sadiq and Ameen became enemies of his life!

Now that your victim has been attracted to religion, his habits must have changed. He must have become quieter, more patient, more gentle and more generous than before. He would have given up bad words, abuse, smoking and many such good habits. But remember that his colleagues and friends are still familiar with his old attitudes and habits. Just when they meet your prey, talk to him, sit down with him, you encourage them to express those old habits. Of course, your victim will act like a bad habit -- just by reacting to him you turn his friends against him. When they abuse or say something vulgar, they will be silent instead of laughing as before, or they will give them good advice; If they gossip about someone, they will shut their ears.

Whenever your victim does this, his friends will be impressed by his transformation. They will feel that their friend is no longer the same as before. There are only two possible consequences of this change. Either his friends will change themselves to be as good as him, or they will change your prey to make him like him. That's the difference between jealousy and jealousy! The envious strives to elevate himself by his hard work to become like the one he is jealous of, while the envious tries to make the one he is jealous of fall from his rank and become like him! Since jealousy is the easiest and most familiar way between the two, his friends will surely be jealous of him.

Just make his companions angry and make them think that your victim now considers them despicable and unworthy, after they are religious. And his silence is actually a way to humiliate them. It is the nature of the weak soul that it cannot tolerate humiliation, even if it is a self-inflicted invention. Whenever he feels humiliated, he instinctively takes immediate defensive measures, and the humiliation that causes him to feel humiliated, whether real or imaginary, he tries to take revenge on her.

This will give you two benefits: first, they will stand up to your prey and help you in your affairs, and secondly, when they meet other people, they will backbite them. They will make fun of him behind the back and use various methods to defame him.

If it doesn't work for them, they'll try to stop it by dressing up as goodwill. They will advise him to be moderate and narrate the hadith of the Messenger of Allah (s.a.w.s.) about the good deeds of Avestha. They will say to him, "You are doing very well at what you are doing, but we are worried about you, lest you get sick, or you get tired and give up." Therefore, be moderate in what you are doing, because Allaah has commanded you to go along with religion and the world. In fact, the purpose of all their exhortations will be the same, so that the ijtihad that your victim is doing in religion should come from him and become like him.

The funniest thing is that they will do it all unconsciously. They will really feel that they are preaching goodness, and if your victim becomes sensible, and does not listen to their advice, their anger will burn and flare up and they will turn away from it! How strange it is that these people, despite being intelligent, do not even think that the horse is never advised to run slowly in horse racing! And Allah has made this world a race field for the Hereafter. It is only in their ignorance that we succeed because our job is to stop or at least slow down their pace in any way!

I laugh at the intellect of this man himself, especially when he talks about establishing humility in religion and the world! Where is the religion in his life that can establish this humility? It only considers prayer and fasting to be a religion. He prays a prayer whose interpretation and meaning cannot even translate a single sentence! If he is sincere, then fasting is nothing more than enduring hunger and thirst for the sake of Allah! And if he becomes a hypocrite, fasting is an excuse for him to lose weight and at the same time a great favor to Allah! He doesn't even think about what benefit Allah can get from his being hungry and thirsty. If he reads the Qur'an but does not understand the meaning of a verse, then how will he act on it? His every deed, every goodness, every generosity, every movement, and every peace of mind is for showing the world and praising himself. He insists that what he does for the people is for the sake of Allah, but when he does not get any good reward from them, he complains a hundred. He does not even ask himself the slightest question, "If his action was for Allah, then why is he complaining to the servant?" Are you giving up on such a stupid man?

Just do what We have commanded. When the pressure of your friends and friends increases on your prey, he will change himself to maintain his integrity and come to the right path. If that doesn't work, don't despair! We have an even stronger strategy than what we will describe in the next letter. Remember, we only have time to seduce him until his death! Therefore, no negligence will be tolerated on your part!
your chieftain

Iblis<!-- section 4 (id=1037, raw_sort=4): سیدھی اور صاف بات -->My dear disciple Satan:

So glad to learn about your victim, his deteriorating relationship with his wife! But don't just dwell on the current mess, but hollow out the crumbling building so much that there is no option but to divorce. Remember! The more we try to harm this inferior creature, the more the enemy tries to protect and help it. Lest he clears up the growing misunderstandings between the two of them, and your months of hard work are in vain.

You have captured a tremendous quality of your prey which is called pride! He thinks he is superior and superior to his wife and other people in every way. In the sight of God, this one trait of man eats away at his years of worship and hard work, like fire on dry wood! I myself was expelled from Paradise for this reason, and if a female creature like me does not deserve Paradise, then how can I allow these beasts to enter Paradise? Just fan the spark of his arrogance until it becomes a fire and burns this relationship to dust so that both of them will be expelled from their marital paradise!

You focus your prey's attention on his virtues, and his wife's weaknesses. You should try to make even the smallest mistake of your wife a great sin, and consider your biggest mistake as a minor one. In his eyes, everything he does is good, and everything his wife does should be foolish. This state of mind will be the source of your success!

Your victim unconsciously meets many women in his daily life, books and movies, whose qualities and qualities he finds in his wife and wishes that his wife was like this! He just has to be on the lookout for this 'ideal' wife all the time, and day by day he should look like this ideal, beautiful, well-mannered, attractive, sweet-tongued, and intelligent woman, at least like her original, boring, immoral, dirty-tongued, and stupid wife! Make him think that he has been wronged and wronged.

He should not be distracted by the fifty things his wife does to please your victim throughout the day; But remember! This great idol of ingratitude shall be placed in the hearts of both of you ! Because the clapping always rings with both hands! This ingratitude of both of them will keep them away from each other day and very soon they will forget all the rights of each other. There will be no imaginary companion, and no current companion will remain!!

I myself had controlled some of my victims to such an extent that I could persuade them to humiliate, even beat and torment my wife and children whenever I wanted, in spite of five times of deep worship!

Also, let me tell you another fun recipe! When two people live together for a long time, they become irritated against certain of each other's habits. Although these gestures are very minor, they are very unpleasant to the next. For example, unnecessary words, untimely laughter, eyebrows, etc. Look out for his wife's actions that make your prey angry, and exaggerate them and present them to her. Not only this, but also put the thought in his heart that his wife is doing all this intentionally just to tease him, and hurt him. But never let him reflect on the fact that he himself has many habits and behaviors that are unpleasant to his wife and cause pain to him.

In civilized households, hatred and anger are often expressed through sentences that, if read in writing, seem very trivial and innocent. But when these same sentences are uttered with a certain voice, style or tone, they are no less effective than a humiliating slap. You just need to keep hurting the hearts of both of them with such words.

If you want, you can add more fun to the game by instilling a duality in your hunt. Bring him to such a state of mind that whenever he says something bitter or harsh to his wife, he demands that every sentence of her be evaluated by keeping her outward words and the subject of her conversation. But when his wife says something, she examines every word of her every sentence very minutely, and in the most sensitive way, and in the light of dubious intentions. His wife should have the same attitude towards your prey. In this way, after every dispute, both will be convinced that the fault lies only with the other person and that there will never be any form of correction. Once this habit is well established in both of them, a pleasant situation will arise that both of them will talk unconsciously with the intention of hurting each other, but when the latter is angry, they will be surprised and disappointed at his low self-esteem and low rationality! And this wonder and regret of theirs will drive them further away from each other. Remember! It is a special glory of blessings that it is always felt only after it has been taken away!

As I said, man is the most oblivious to all the simple and simple things! And because of this, our work becomes much easier. Take full advantage of this weakness and keep me informed about your successes.

your chieftain

Iblis